I've lived in lonely cities
I've crossed deserts on camel back
And I've filled the halls of folklore
With things I'd rather we forget
I could sweep you off the street so saying this is goddamn tough
But this town might be big enough
See, I reckon what you're saying
But this dog's run every course
I roam without my boots on
I raced without my horse
And then I ate my horse's meat straight from my horse's bones
'Cause this dog
Must roam alone
You could shoot me in the mountains
In the cold fat rain
We could do it in the countryside
As we
walk the plain
It wouldn't give us any closure
All cowboys need to trust
That this town might be big enough
For both of us
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAYIYAAAAYIYAAAAA
RRAAAAA
HOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Well, I'd be a doggamn liar
If I said this ain't a lonely
town
And what I wouldn't give
To have a friend around
We could trade in all our silver bullets
And buy a patch of dust
This town might just be big enough
For all of us
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Everybody!
This town!
This world!
Are you
Big enough?
From Australia
To America
And Russia
And China
All of Asia
Let me out
Europe and Great Britain
Oh Canada
In Croatia
And Serbia
Kenya
Get it India
It's serious
In Syria
Believe in us
Bolivia
We're gonna be big enough
For Africa, South Africa
South Korea,
North Korea
Algeria
Nigeria
Antarctica
around the Equator
Cuba
Indonesia
Jamaica
we'll take ya
To Florida and catch you later
I'll catch you later
Christianity
Islam
Judaism
Let me out